pesticide,residue
pesticide,antifeedant
pesticide,adjuvant
pesticide,agrochemical
pesticide,resistance
pesticide,seed dressing
pesticide,avermectin
pesticide,xenobiotic
pesticide,acceptable daily intake
pesticide,structure activity relation
pesticide,mode of action
pesticide,wood preservative
pesticide,toxic substance
pesticide,systemic action
pesticide,antimicrobial
pesticide,agent
pesticide,borax
pesticide,chemical control
pesticide,chemical
pesticide,farm input
pesticide,fertilizer combination
pesticide,foliar application
pesticide,fumigant
pesticide,pest control
pesticide,pesticidal properties
pesticide,industry
pesticide,pollution
pesticide,pollutant
pesticide,repellent
pesticide,antimetabolites
fertilizer,pollutant
fertilizer,soil amendment
fertilizer,seed pelleting
fertilizer,soil pollution
fertilizer,fertilizer application
fertilizer,balanced fertilization
fertilizer,slag
fertilizer,foliar application
fertilizer,fertilizer indust
fertilizer,fertilizer technolog
fertilizer,biofertilizer
fertilizer,agrochemical
fertilizer,fertilizer injur
fertilizer,basic slag
chemical,pesticide
chemical,organic compound
chemical,inorganic compound
chemical,xenobiotic
chemical,additive
chemical,catalyst
chemical,drug
chemical,chemical indust
chemical,chelating agent
chemical,isotope
chemical,acid


pesticide,antifeedant
pesticide,xenobiotic
pesticide,antimicrobial
pesticide,borax
pesticide,pollution
pesticide,pollutant